you have a very
special nature
when we've worked hard together to
unlock
oh me out
[Applause]
[Music]
the results are normal anything you want
a flag
no no i'm fine
mom hi darling how was your chew dull
extraordinarily dull
next contract's a big one the target
is the ceo of the largest operation in
the u.s
you'll be binding to colin tate we can't
afford any mistakes on this one
ready
what's with you today what do you mean
[Music]
[Applause]
i'm in place to help you
finish this
what are you doing i can't pull the
trigger
i need to know i need to know what she's
done to me he's becoming danger
where is she come out or i'll do it
sometimes
that's small thought all it takes
to lose control
[Music]
you